Add grouping (group + groupMultiselect) + spinner + some description (#9)
bombshell-dev/docs: src/content/docs/clack/packages/prompts.mdx

<font color="#06989A">│</font>  │ <font color="#4E9A06">◼</font> Jest
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  │ <font color="#4E9A06">◼</font> Playwright
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  └ <font color="#4E9A06">◼</font> Vitest
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  <font color="#06989A">◻</font> Language
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  │ <font color="#4E9A06">◼</font> Javascript
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  │ <font color="#06989A">◻</font> TypeScript
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  └ <font color="#06989A">◻</font> CoffeeScript
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  ◻ Code quality
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  │ ◻ Prettier
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  │ ◻ ESLint
<font color="#06989A">│</font>  └ <font color="#4E9A06">◼</font> Biome.js
<font color="#06989A">└</font></pre>

### Group

With `group`, you can sequence questions and make them dependent against previous answers and get a final object that contain all results together

```ts twoslash
import { group, text, password } from '@clack/prompts';

const account = await group({
    email: () => text({
        message: 'What is your email address?',
        validate: (value) => {

>             if (!/^[a-z0-9_.-]+@[a-z0-9_.-]+\.[a-z]{2,}$/i.test(value)) return 'Please enter a valid email'

Author: I hesitated to do it this way, but decide to go with the `Aside` (but now I think about it, the `Aside` cut the code and the "demo", clashing with the rest of the documentation)

        }
    }),
    username: ({results}) => text({
        message: 'What is your username?',
        placeholder: results.email?.replace(/@.+$/, '').toLowerCase() ?? '',
        validate: (value) => {
            if (value.length < 2) return 'Please enter at least 2 characters'
        }
    }),
    password: () => password({
        message: 'Define your password'
    })
});
```

<Aside type="caution">The provided Regular Expression is just for demonstration purpose, use a proper email validation in your application.</Aside>

<pre class="cli-preview"><font color="#555753">│</font>
<font color="#4E9A06">◇</font>  What is your email address?

> <font color="#555753">│</font>  john.doe@example.com

Author: I will try to refrain from abusing of `John Doe`, `foobar`, etc. :sweat_smile:

<pre class="cli-preview"><font color="#555753">│</font>
<font color="#555753">└</font>  All operations are finished</pre>

### Spinner
```ts twoslash
import { spinner } from '@clack/prompts';

const spin = spinner();
spin.start('Loading');
// Do something
spin.message('Finishing')
// Do more things
spin.stop('Done')
```
<pre class="cli-preview"><font color="#555753">│</font>
<font color="#AD7FA8">◒</font>  Loading{`...`}</pre>

The second parameter of `spinner.stop` (`code`) allow you to indicate the ending status of the spinner:
- `0` (or no value) indicate a success and the symbol for a finished task will be used
- `1` indicate a cancellation and the red square symbol will be used
- Any other code indicate an error and the yellow triangle symbol will be used

### Note

> A `note` allow you to add more information that need to be more visible to your user.

Author: > to draw a user's attention

That's the formulation I was searching!

### Logs

The `log` functions allow you to add information about the current status of the interaction.

It came in different form:

>  - As a non-interactive step result (`log.step`)
>  - As an informative message (`log.info`)
>  - As a simple text (`log.messafe`)
>  - As an error message (`log.error`)
>  - As a succeed step (`log.success`)
>  - As a warning/alert message (`log.warn` and `log.warning`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `log.message` displays a message without any symbols to communicate state
 - `log.info` displays a message with a neutral state
 - `log.warn` (alias `log.warning`) displays a message with a caution state
 - `log.error` displays a message with a danger state
 - `log.success` displays a message with a success state 
 - `log.step` displays a message with a neutral, completed state
```
